[Merged by Bors] - Support for multiple storage directories (#296)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

> By default, in case nothing is configured in the custom resource for a certain role group, each Pod will have a `1Gi` large local volume mount for the data location.

Reviewer: I believe the default changed
```suggestion
By default, in case nothing is configured in the custom resource for a certain role group, each Pod will have a `5Gi` large volume mount for the data location.
```

Author: thx!
